checkBox0.Checked = false
checkBox1.Checked = false
checkBox2.Checked = false
checkBox3.Checked = false
checkBox4.Checked = false
checkBox5.Checked = false
checkBox6.Checked = false
checkBox7.Checked = false
checkBox8.Checked = false
checkBox9.Checked = false
textBox0.Text = "Use these for..."
textBox1.Text = "...labelling groups"
textBox2.Text = ""
textBox3.Text = ""
textBox4.Text = ""
textBox5.Text = ""
textBox6.Text = ""
textBox7.Text = ""
textBox8.Text = ""
textBox9.Text = ""
path1CheckBox.Checked = true
path1TextBox.Text = ""
openPath1Box.Checked = true
path2CheckBox.Checked = false
path2TextBox.Text = ""
openPath2Box.Checked = false
urlCheckBox.Checked = false
urlTextBox.Text = ""
zipCheckBox.Checked = false
autoClearRadio.Checked = false
clearWithPromptRadio.Checked = true
dontClearRadio.Checked = false
//Default values are specified after the '='